update startup screen docs (#265)
ilastik/ilastik.github.io: documentation/basics/startup.md

When creating a new project (A) the user can choose from several different
project types:

##### Segmentation Workflows

- [**Pixel Classification**][pc] can be used to interactively label images and to obtain a pixel prediction on unlabeled images. 

> - [**Autocontext**][autocontext] improves Pixel Classification by running it two stages, where the second stage uses the probabilities from the first as additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Autocontext**][autocontext] improves Pixel Classification by running it in two stages, where the second stage uses the probabilities from the first as additional information.
```

> - [**Neural Network Classification**][nn] allows to run inference with  pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Neural Network Classification**][nn] allows to run inference with pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNNs).
```

- [**Trainable Domain Adaptation**][tda] combines Pixel Classification with pre-trained convolutional neural networks.
- In [**Carving**][carving] you can semi-automatically segment objects that are visually similar but have a visible boundary between them.
- [**Boundary-based Segmentation**][mc] is useful for automatic segmentation of objects in images which cannot be discriminated from each other by appearance but which have a visible boundary.

##### Object Classification Workflows

> - [**Object classification**][oc] allows to train and classify already segmented objects in an image using object level features such as size, orientation, average color etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Object classification**][oc] can be used to label and classify already segmented objects based on object-level features such as size, orientation, average color etc.
```

  - **from binary image** use a _binary object mask_ or _label image_ (e.g. from Cellpose, Stardist) as object input
  - **from prediction image** use a probability map (generated e.g. with Pixel Classification) as object input

##### Tracking Workflows

> - [**Tracking Workflow**][track] allows tracking of a large and unknown number of (possible divisible) objects with similar appearance in 2d+t and 3d+t

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Tracking Workflow**][track] allows tracking of a large and unknown number of (possibly divisible) objects with similar appearance in 2d+t and 3d+t
```
